README.md, before:

<h1 style="text-align:center;color:#1ADF61">Hello welcome<h1>
<span style="text-align:center;color:#1ADF61" >

##### I made this page with api [<a href="">Jikan</a>](https://jikan.moe)


 ![Hello welcome to this repository](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/LuffyGif.gif)

 </span>

 # <landing-page-anime>
 #### This project is for practice and firm what I learned on the async course that platzi gave to his students.

 <div style="text-align:center">

 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61;">Info about the page</span>

 ##### At the moment you can only search animes and is made for mobile more specific for screens that have 375 width and 667 height approximate , could work in screenshot higher than those but some things are gonna broke.


 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61;">Screenshot and a short video</span>
 ##### This is how it looks the directory, probably in the future I'm gonna make some changes so at the moment is gonna stay like that
 ![this is how look the directory at the moment](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_72.jpg)
 #### <span>The navbar is kind of fancy. I think, this is how it looks<span>
 ![this is how it looks the directory at the moment](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_73.jpg)
 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61">A short video</span>


[![Alt text](https://img.youtube.com/vi/https://youtu.be/rf5XkO35pGo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=https://youtu.be/rf5XkO35pGo)

### Thing to improve in the future
<div style="text-align:left">


- Change the dynamic html because I'm using innerHtml 😐
- Add a filter for search
- Add a pagination
- make a page for each anime
- make a footer for the page
- And add more features

###  Technologies that I used

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript 

<div>
</div>

Commit message:

finalizando landing page y haciendo la pagina responsive para casi todos los celulares

README.md, after:

<h1 style="text-align:center;color:#1ADF61">Hello welcome<h1>
<span style="text-align:center;color:#1ADF61" >

##### I made this page with api [<a href="">Jikan</a>](https://jikan.moe)


 ![Hello welcome to this repository](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/LuffyGif.gif)

 </span>

 # <landing-page-anime>
 #### This project is for practice and firm what I learned on the async course that platzi gave to his students.

 <div style="text-align:center">

 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61;">Info about the page</span>

 ##### ~~At the moment you can only search animes and is made for mobile more specific for screens that have 375 width and 667 height approximate, could work in screenshot higher than those but some things are gonna broke~~.<p style="color:green">I made responsive almost all the mobile screens and some desktop. Also I made the landing page that's for now is the home page</p>


 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61;">Screenshot and a short video</span>
 ##### This is how it looks the directory, probably in the future I'm gonna make some changes so at the moment is gonna stay like that
 ![this is how look the directory at the moment](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_72.jpg)
 #### <span>The navbar is kind of fancy. I think, this is how it looks<span>
 ![this is how it looks the directory at the moment](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_73.jpg)
 ## - <span style="color:#1ADF61">A short video</span>


[![Link video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/https://youtu.be/rf5XkO35pGo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=https://youtu.be/rf5XkO35pGo)

### landing page 

##### the loader It looks similar on mobile screens
![loader](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_77.jpg)
##### this section show seven new animes with their names and you can change doing click on the arrow (I put background-repeat: repeat-x because the background image lost too much quality)
![new anime trailers section](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_78.jpg)

##### The next section is more like an introduce and also show 24 pictures of new releases on 2023 with names and their synopsis(this change on mobile and only show the images)
![section about us and show new releases](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_79.jpg)
![section about us and show new releases](./src/assets/img/readMeImgs/Screenshot_80.jpg)

### Thing to improve in the future
<div style="text-align:left">


- ~~Change the dynamic html because I'm using innerHtml~~ 😐 <span style="color:green">(done)</span>
- Add a filter for search
- Add a pagination
- make a page for each anime
- ~~make a footer for the page~~ <span style="color:green">(done)</span>
- And add more features
- ~~make landing page~~ <span style="color:green">(done)</span>
- ~~make a loader~~ <span style="color:green">(done)</span>
###  Technologies that I used

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript 
- AOS library
<div>
</div>
